♪ "Is It Supposed"
by Hudson Mohawke ♪
Not everyone holds
their iPhone like this.
We need more options.
- I have tingling
in my fingers and sharp pains.
- I don't have big enough hands
to actually hold my phone
and type at the same time.
- If you can't grip it right,
you're going to drop it.
- It is important to ask people
what they need.
And I started making
phone cases by hand.
I'm going to put
all these out on the table.
- We're going to turn it
upside down.
- That's going to fall.
♪
- This specific design came out
of multiple conversations
with people of all kinds
of disabilities.
- This feels real stable.
- And it had the grooves where
you could put your finger in it.
- So I can flip it.
- It's very secure to hold.
- The colors.
- Wow, that's really bold.
- It claims its differences.
I love how proud
of itself it is.
- You should be proud
of yourself
and proud of your body.
- Accessibility
is also inclusivity,
and it makes us feel seen.
- So that's really cool.